Title:  
Automatic Voting System
 Description:  
This ambitious project will focus on making use of Java programming language to develop an extremely useful utility for the teachers’ community in universities, colleges, and schools of Pakistan. This utility is being named “Automatic Voting System” as it will facilitate both the voting management and the voter by taking the input for the number of candidates & number of voters from the management and helping the voter to check the eligibility of voting a list of candidates by Rating each one. This can arguably prove to be one of the quickest and most efficient ways to conduct election and compile the results for each candidate, both on voter and management end, provided the fundamental requirement that the users of this program develop command on it like any other application. The input is being planned to consist of a single or multiple data which will be processed by the application according to the user specified options, and output files will be generated for each candidate as well as summaries with pre-programmed remarks for every candidate who wins. In addition to number of votes earned and rankings of each candidate will also be generated by the program. This project will be developed with the good intention that the eventual product application will be decently equipped to provide variety of solutions for various election scenarios as addressed as REAL-LIFE ISSUE. It is being believed by the developers of this application that at the time of writing this initial introductory report, only a minimum idea of program exists because of the struggle in process for the project, hence it is being perceived as a unique endeavor and an interesting challenge. 
Uses:  
1.	Can be used as a reliable and quick tool to conduct electronic elections . 
2.	Can be used to generate individual result reports for each candidate in the row. 
3.	Can be used to incorporate rating parameters like percentage of liking and disliking for each candidate. 
4.	Furthermore, it is designed to deal with multiple exception and real life scenarios.

Deliverables: 
•	A full fledge Gui based Automatic Voting System reliable for voter as well as management to voting System.
•	Source code for all the utilities used in development of the application will also                        be provided for the community to graciously improve the application for consumers.
